now for about months bbc arabic adnan l
bush reported on the war in gaza while
living in a tent eating one meal a day
and struggling to keep his wife and five
children safe since october the 7th more
than 100 journalists have been killed in
gaza according  to the organization
reporters without borders Israel says it
takes all feasible measures to mitigate
harm and says it never deliberately
targets journalists adnan has been
keeping a video diary documenting the
harrowing moments he faced covering a
war that push  A
happy video. I also saw
in the video the
whole house and the car.
It means that I covered all the wars that
took place in Gaza. It means that there is something different and strange.
Just because it means that we understood that there was an entry
by members of Hamas into Israel, we knew that we had begun to
analyze that the reaction would be
unprecedented and terrible.
I am part of the battle, and my family, where are
they doing? What is the
situation of the event itself? Journalistically, how do I want to cover it? You are working
for a giant institution. I mean, look at the
big dilemma. You also want to maintain
the policy or the editorial line of the
channel. I am now in a cemetery in the Tal al-Sultan area. It is being
lifted. I mean, I am the first.  Once in my life I see this
scene. Now a large mass grave is being dug. Then
we received news that the army wants to hand over a number
of these remains. At that time, there were between 80 and 100
bodies. They were handed over. They were in a large box in a
truck. The smell was difficult. We could not open
the box. These bodies had been handed over.  By the
Israeli army to the
Palestinian side of the Kerem Shalom crossing. Now the
local authorities are
burying. I apologize. There is a smell. There is a very difficult and unpleasant smell.
Also, for the first time in my life, I am witnessing this sight,
this cruelty, and this
ugliness.
Peace be upon you. The situation has made us leave what it left behind, and it is a
shame for us to part with Gaza.
[Music]
Of course, I am the first and last choice for Gaza, and I must
return to it, so when it will end, no one knows